entity.human_villager.name=Human Villager
entity.warg.name=Warg
entity.bjornserker.name=Bjornserker

tile.firewood.name=Fire Wood

item.throwing_axe.name=Throwing Axe

item.barbarian_helmet.name=Nord Mail Helmet
item.barbarian_chestplate.name=Nord Mail Chestplate
item.barbarian_leggings.name=Nord Mail Greaves
item.barbarian_boots.name=Nord Mail Boots

item.nord_shield.name=Nord Round Shield

item.roman_sword.name=Latin Gladius

item.summon_tome_0.name=Summon Ancient Warriors
item.attack_tome_0.name=Fireball

entity.villager_soldier.name=Villager Soldier
entity.villager_peasant.name=Villager Peasant
entity.villager_man_at_arms.name=Villager Man At Arms
entity.villager_guard.name=Villager Guard
entity.villager_warrior.name=Villager Warrior
entity.villager_militia.name=Villager Militia
entity.villager_sergeant.name=Villager Sergeant

entity.villager_archer.name=Villager Archer
entity.villager_hunter.name=Villager Hunter
entity.villager_mage_archer.name=Villager Mage Archer
entity.villager_marksman.name=Villager Marksman

entity.villager_alchemist.name=Villager Alchemist
entity.villager_undeadhunter.name=Villager Undead Hunter
entity.villager_healer.name=Villager Healer

entity.villager_mage.name=Villager Mage
entity.villager_conjurer.name=Villager Conjurer
entity.villager_necromancer.name=Villager Necromancer
entity.villager_grand_mage.name=Villager Grand Mage
entity.villager_potion_master.name=Villager Potion Master

entity.villager_knight.name=Villager Knight
entity.villager_cavalier.name=Villager Cavalier
entity.villager_mage_knight.name=Villager Mage Knight
entity.villager_paladin.name=Villager Paladin
entity.villager_horse_archer.name=Villager Horse Archer
entity.villager_apothecary.name= Villager Apothecary

entity.villager_guardian.name=Villager Guardian
entity.villager_merchant.name=Villager Merchant
entity.villager_merchant_guard.name=Villager Merchant Guard
entity.villager_horse.name=Villager Horse

entity.villager_bandit.name=Villager Bandit
entity.villager_bandit_archer.name=Villager Bandit Archer
entity.villager_bandit_mage.name=Villager Bandit Mage
entity.villager_bandit_alchemist.name=Villager Bandit Alchemist
entity.villager_bandit_horseman.name=Villager Bandit Horseman
entity.villager_dark_knight.name=Villager Dark Knight

entity.skeleton_minion.name=Skeleton Minion